and hello everyone with you an hour and today I
show how to put the texture pack on 172
or here on these versions ie 1741 64 and
etc
stand park so we write the principle of texture
packs for minecraft 1 7 2
we were well here we go to this site and
perhaps we also need we need to
for example download I already downloaded texture pack
now I'll show you later downloaded it
here and poke dan young or download
now how do we install it before us
ems patcher was required now he is not
I need that is, we write apps date date
percents
but it hits or rather the percents op op and
date and click
again at the end of the percentile and hit escape
then he climbs like this daddy in
roaming and go minekravt .
this is where max pack and i have here
there is one pack I shook checked
here I downloaded a new one here this texture pack
which is now this one now for us
it remains to go in a little that is
run
let me mayvkravt and
it runs so settings
gig information assembly settings
that is, for example, we remove this
and this pack
so click ready
about whom feeds
lag has changed texture pack now
we need to check it but you can see what
he is already working
and we need to go and see what he is
adds adds a lot a lot
changes as I see but not quite a lot
but
change is there is swords
the sword looks like this
I do not know abuse
day
the same
So
nothing scary like this
Now we look at it, what is it without disturbing
So
but basically something like this
he changes quite well things but
You can certainly find much better
texture pack is at your discretion and a
I 'll leave the site a candle or you can
the threads themselves
that is, on this site you can texture
download such as these all the same
there is
most importantly he
many there with the exact then at least something is
good quality night I think search
better arrange the pack
because
do not take the first available texture
pak ok all thanks for your attention for
viewing
who likes to like
subscribe to the channel and thanks for
view everyone good luck